what's up guys this time
I bring
well you guys ask what is
this good is a mold of stars play
2 look how beautiful and beautiful these are
guys you want to see how molds are made
star of different colors we are going to
it
good guys let's start with the first
let's make a yellow mold
let's open this and we take out all the
filling guys we need is enough
we take everything
again but sorry with this
meeting but it's okay that my cat is
very but very playful let's go guys
we take out this area is blue and we're going to
make this background
worth
look what monkey is we see there there you see
perfect guys are going to leave this for us
here
and we save now let's make one
pink this is more giant than the other
let's occupy one blue let's do
we remove all the filling
and guys look at this flatter for more
playbook quotes that I have gotten
It's cool enough so I can do much more
easy figurines and we make it
[Music]
we take out what is left over and for boys it is
very very well
we are going to put them there, we are going to make a
giant cake play
We're going to go to this largest in
farm
the orange boy we are going to make them
green color
green this green is bigger than these
guys who are behind because we have
that occupy more plants
[Applause]
OK
and how the other one occupied him
glider
ah
ok guys if we do it's star
giant look at it but cool is left
guys we are going to give it here in our
cake is becoming more and more brass
ok let's go to the next one that is a
a little bit bigger than the previous one
it's been this green
this green mold of what color we are going to
make good let's see
again guys we plan this
pink well we earn it well we take out the
leftover and pull and there we have it guys
it's pretty huge and we put it on
our cake cake what better
said is already getting pretty big
finally we have this gigantic mold
the mold well tesco of what color what
we go
it's a little bit I have the perfect color
what is this
from the last
flattened a boy so that the
star fall on the whole mass plate
vale vale think we are
to the boys but it is gigantic look
we put it here and we have one more
the one of stars law of the fantastic one
sorry forgive something missing
very important
a cake without a cherry is not a cake like that
that we are going to make a small
[Music]
to the boys but that is very but that
very well
good guys up here the video yes
you want to keep seeing more of the world
playbook I invite you press the
images that are here in this video and
do not forget to subscribe to our
world channel place the channel for children
until next time
[Music]